---
layout: page
title: FAQ's
date: 2014-01-07 14:34
author: ashlie
comments: true
categories: []
---
<h2>Why Adoption?</h2>
At the beginning of our marriage, we never thought we would be going down this path; however, w<span style="line-height: 1.5em;">e suffered a tragedy (<a title="Our Story" href="http://hartgraveshaven.com/?page_id=57">read our story</a>). It was awful, and it was painful, but we have never felt God’s presence more than we have during the loss of our son. Even after we lost Jacob, we didn’t start talking about adoption for a while. Then, it just hit us, and we couldn’t let go. We did our research and have decided to go all in. And for the first time in months, we are seeing that perhaps this was our path all along. We are seeing a little glimpse at God’s “bigger picture” for us and we are filled with hope and we are beyond excited about our decision. </span>
<h2>Why International Adoption?</h2>
Whether you foster-to-adopt, adopt domestically or internationally— adoption is a wonderful thing. Period. For us, we felt an international adoption was the best route. Ultimately, we can not take the chance of losing another child due to a birth mom changing her mind or the state returning full rights to the parents. For those reasons, we feel that <em>for us</em> adopting internationally is the way to go.
<h2>Why Europe?</h2>
This wasn’t an easy choice. There is a lot of need around the world. The European country we chose operates under HAGUE Adoption Law. This means that it is quite structured and there is far less corruption than some of the other countries. There aren’t as many curveballs as some of the others and the process is fairly straight forward.
<h2>How long will it take?</h2>
It’s not quick, but if we learned anything through our infertility battles, it was patience. Once we get our dossier around and submitted, it has to be accepted by Europe. After it is accepted/approved, we are put on a list. Once we’re on the list, it can take a year to two years (current wait is roughly 14 months) to get a referral. After we accept our referral, it will take roughly 4-6 months before our entire family is home. We are <em>hoping</em> that by Christmas 2015 our family will all be home; however, that is on the short end of the timeframe. It could definitely be a bit longer than that.
<h2>What is a home study?</h2>
In short, it's a study of your home/lives. Basically, we had to put together a binder full of information on our finances, background checks, employment history, references (including reference letters), what child(ren) we're looking to adopt... and even veterinarian records for Ruby, our mini-goldendoodle.

<em>Straight from MLJ: Your home study consists of documentation and information regarding prospective adoptive parents, personal references, an inspection of your home, interviews with all household members, and interviews with prospective adoptive parents. Then a document is written proving that your home is an appropriate place for a child. This is required for both international and domestic adoption. </em>
<h2>What is a dossier?</h2>
This is basically a lot of paperwork that we send overseas that tells all about us and proves we are capable of caring for one or more of their children. It includes our approved home study as well as a lot of other paperwork including FBI fingerprints, medical exams, financial info and other items. It's kind of intense, and we have 6 months to complete it. We're hoping to complete it much sooner than 6 months but we aren't able to start on it until our home study is approved. Tom is kind of 'the dude' when it comes to paperwork so he will definitely make the dossier paper hunt a quick &amp; smooth process. <em>He's kind of good to have around. </em>
<h2>What does a 'referral' actually mean?</h2>
This is our "match" with a child(ren).
<h2>Why is the cost so high?</h2>
As you can imagine, there is a lot of legal work that is done in the States, as well as in overseas. When you break everything down, you can see how the costs add up. If you have any more specific questions on the cost, feel free to ask us.
<h2>Is there travel involved?</h2>
Yes. We will make two trips total and bring our children home forever on the second trip.
<h2>What can we do to help?</h2>
<span style="font-size: 14px; line-height: 1.5em;">Above everything else, we ask that you pray. It is likely our child(ren) have already been born. Pray that they can bond with their Nanny. That they are happy and loved and their basic needs are met. We pray they feel a peace within them, and know that their Mommy and Daddy are on their way.</span>
<h2>What specific country are you adopting from?</h2>
We have strict rules regarding what information we are able to discuss. We are not permitted to say anywhere on the Internet or social media what specific country we are adopting from. Posting any country-specific flags, artwork, maps or things/words similar could hinder our adoption process. <span style="text-decoration: underline;">We ask that you refrain from posting any country-specific items as well.</span> Thank you so much for your cooperation. We'll be monitoring, so please do not be offended if you accidentally slip, and your comment/photo gets deleted.
<h2>Can we see photos of the children?</h2>
Sorry, but no. There are strict international laws we have to abide by. We're happy to abide by them actually, as they are in place to protect the identity of our children. We will not be posting any country or child specific information anywhere publicly, and ask that you refrain as well. Thanks for your cooperation! :)
