---
layout: post
title: Nearly 3 Months in...
date: 2014-08-19 12:17
author: ashlie
comments: true
categories: [Adoption, Adoption, Hartgraves Haven, International Adoption, Referral, Waiting, Waiting]
---
<span style="line-height: 1.5em;">We've been so busy this summer, especially this August. I don't know what happened but I went from having a few small projects in July to multiple larger scale projects in August. I mean "larger scale" literally, since I'm doing a 10-foot wall for one of those projects. Tom has also started a new shift schedule so I've had to adjust my work schedule so we can see each other longer before he heads in to work. All of that to say: I'm tired. </span>

Busy is a good thing though. We've been on "the list" waiting for our referral for 3 months now. Honestly, the three months has flown by and we're hoping the next 9+ months fly by as well! Everyone we know who has adopted has said the wait is brutal. We prepared our hearts for at least a year-long wait, so we aren't going <em>too</em> crazy from waiting. Yet. I'm guessing that as we start nearing Spring I'm going to wake up wondering if we're going to get THE call. What I'm saying is: don't talk to me next Spring. :)

Through this process, we had the opportunity to meet a great family within our agency. I just adore them. They're near our age (I think) and we have similar background stories. They were on the list for 14 months before they were matched with 2-year-old twins. A boy and a girl. A couple weekends ago we had the opportunity to meet the twins. Holy. Gees. The cuteness level is over-the-top. Their girl is 2, but she runs around smiling and laughing and speaking/yelling in her native language (which I didn't expect since they've been home for 2 months already and they're only 2). Their boy is adorable and more reserved. He takes everything in and is quiet... naturally Tom managed to make him smile—he is so good with kids. They are from the same country we are adopting from, which is great for our future family so they can have a little slice of home when we all get together.

I'm a bit of a Facebook stalker. I'm on Facebook a lot for work, so I don't really miss a whole lot that goes up there. These last few weeks, I have thoroughly enjoyed all of the back-to-school photos everyone has been posting. Everyone except for my sister and sister-in-law because I don't really want my nieces and nephew to grow up too fast. It makes me kind of sad!

With all of the photos being posted, I can't help but think about our family- whoever they are. Are they gearing up to start school as well? What will it be like when they start school here? Will they be excited or terrified? Will I have to educate children and their mothers on adoption and how my children are my "real" children? Will I be a hovering Mom who doesn't leave my child's classroom? (Probably). Another family we've met through our agency posted a video of their children  (same country) who were adopted a little over a year ago. So cute. The girl was SO excited to go back to school but she calls excited "salad" because she got confused when they first came here and they didn't have the heart to correct her-  it was too cute. So in the video she is screaming "School! I'm so salad!" It's unbearably adorable. I hope our future family loves school and is excited to be there as well. Luckily we live in a fairly diverse city, are in a great school system and we've (Tom) already spoken to the superintendent and guidance counselor in our school district about adoption and English as a second language... Knowledge is power.

In the meantime, we're still waiting. It's still okay. People <span style="text-decoration: underline;">OFTEN</span> ask "Why International adoption? Why not here?" Which is a fine question (but be sure to phrase it in a way that doesn't make me get defensive please. Perhaps something like "International. Interesting. What lead you to that choice?" :) ) While there are multiple reasons, one of them has recently become a big reason. Tom and I know that we won't get a call for about a year. Which is fine when you're able to prepare your heart for it. With a domestic adoption, you could get that call in 1 day, in 5 days or in 5 years. I lived that before. The "I wonder if I'm pregnant right now?" question EVERY DAY.  It was draining. I don't think I have it in me to wonder every day if that day is going to be THE day. A friend of mine at the church is going through the adoption process and she's very much in that "Is today THE day?" because they're expecting their international referral any day now. My heart goes out to them and that waiting &amp; wondering every day. PLEASE pray for them that their call comes soon... like yesterday. In 9 months, we'll likely be there again (unless we get totally surprised by an earlier referral which would be awesome!) and I'm sure I will write many pity-posts about waiting in roughly a year. Stay tuned. :)

Until then, please pray for our friends and those in their time waiting for THE call. Please also pray that our waiting goes quickly for us, as it has so far. We're currently just enjoying our little family of 3 (Ruby the furry doodle included). We have a few fun things planned for upcoming events - some of which are adoption related, some are just for fun.

As usual, thanks for stopping by!
