---
layout: page
title: Donate
date: 2014-01-13 01:23
author: ashlie
comments: true
categories: []
---
[et_pb_section][et_pb_row][et_pb_column type="1_2"][et_pb_blurb admin_label="budget breakdown" title="Budget Breakdown" url_new_window="off" image="http://hartgraveshaven.mkweddingstory.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/01/Icons_Budget.png" background_layout="light" text_orientation="left"]
<h3 style="text-align: left;"><span style="font-size: 1.17em; line-height: 1.5em;">Total Cost</span></h3>
<p style="text-align: left;">The cost of adoptions from domestic to international can range from nearly 0 to $60,000+. Ours will likely fall in the middle of that, with legal fees and traveling fees taking up the majority of it.</p>

<h3 style="text-align: left;">Hartgraves Family Savings</h3>
<p style="text-align: left;">A little less than half of our costs were due by the time we submitted our dossier, which we submitted in April 2014. We will owe most of the remaining fees at the time of our referral. There will also be travel expenses for trips 1 and 2, as well as in-country expenses with translators, guides, apartments ad some in-country paperwork.</p>

<h3 style="text-align: left;">How are we doing this?</h3>
<p style="text-align: left;">We have trimmed our household budget to maximize savings. We put a lot of our extra overtime and freelance project funds straight to our adoption account. We're on track and are awaiting our referral. We're just so ready to bring our children to their <em>forever home</em>. Once we return from trip 1, we'll then start preparing our home for the children by decorating bedrooms (without making them overwhelming), purchasing clothes and age-appropriate toys.</p>
[/et_pb_blurb][/et_pb_column][et_pb_column type="1_2"][et_pb_blurb admin_label="Ally" title="Directly donate" url_new_window="off" image="http://hartgraveshaven.mkweddingstory.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/01/ally-bank-logo.jpg" background_layout="light" text_orientation="left"]
<p style="text-align: left;">We have set up an Ally savings account solely for our adoption purposes. We are depositing 100% of every donation into this account for our adoption expenses, as well as everything we have saved due to our trimmed household budget and all extra income from Ashlie's freelance design work. You can put "Hartgraves Adoption" in the memo and mail a donation to us at:</p>
<p style="text-align: left;">10137 Cheswick Lane
Fishers, IN 46037</p>
<p style="text-align: left;"><em>(don't rob us, we have an alarm system and a fierce dog) </em></p>
[/et_pb_blurb][/et_pb_column][/et_pb_row][/et_pb_section]
