---
layout: page
title: Our Story
date: 2014-01-07 01:44
author: ashlie
comments: true
categories: []
---
[et_pb_section][et_pb_row][et_pb_column type="1_2"][et_pb_image admin_label="Image" src="http://hartgraveshaven.mkweddingstory.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/12/Adoption1-e1389045998516.png" animation="left" /][et_pb_text admin_label="Text" background_layout="light" text_orientation="left"]

<span style="color: #999999;">The talented Emily Miller took our Adoption Announcement photos. She typically only shoots young children; however, I pulled in a favor and had her photograph us even though we're definitely not as cute as her usual subjects! She graciously agreed, and we appreciate her more than she knows! </span>

[/et_pb_text][/et_pb_column][et_pb_column type="1_2"][et_pb_image admin_label="Image" src="http://hartgraveshaven.mkweddingstory.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/01/HartgravesHaven_LOGO.png" animation="left" /][et_pb_text admin_label="Our Story" background_layout="light" text_orientation="left"]
<h2>The beginning.</h2>
We had a beautiful outdoor September wedding. The day was perfect (despite forgetting to purchase a cake topper for the cake. My bad!). We had always known we wanted to be parents, so we decided to try and grow our family shortly after our wedding.

A few discouraging months went by... and then the year mark hit. That's when we made an appointment to get checked out. Tom was fine, Ashlie was not. We met with a fertility specialist in the area (highly recommend him, if you need one let me know!) and we began treatments. Oh, the never. ending. treatments. We started off small with some oral medications, but when those lacked results we stepped it up. We soon had an arsenal of medications and Ashlie was taking injections regularly and having regular ultrasounds to check the success of the medications. Sometimes blood work and ultrasounds up to 3 or 4 times a week. It was crazy.

Over the course of the next year, we had done 5 IUI procedures. All of which had failed. We didn't understand it. We were angry, mad, jealous and just sad because we want to be parents more than anything. After much discussion, we decided to try IVF. We debated it for a while, but decided that as long as we used all of our embryos and didn't get in to all of the chromosome selection/biopsies, we were both morally okay with it. <em>(side note: we didn't have any embryos left. All were used. None were frozen.) </em>

Now, if there is ever an odd thing that "never usually happens," that means it's going to happen to Ashlie. After the transfer, Ashlie was in a tremendous amount of pain. On a Sunday night in February 2013, we paged our doctor and told him we thought we might need to go to the ER. It was hurting Ashlie to breath or move. The doctor said that this may be due to overstimulation, and If we could wait until morning, he'd like us to come in first thing.

Naturally we googled it. Overstimulation is painful (and rare!), but it happens when you have a surge in HCG and you fill up with fluid. HCG is a pregnancy hormone. Could we be pregnant? We didn't sleep a wink.

We were there at open to do bloodwork and had an ultrasound to establish I did have fluid in my chest/abdomen. Then it was waiting for the results. The doctor finally had called and told us we were pregnant.

I (Ashlie) only recall being speechless one time in my life, and that was it. I just fell onto our bed sobbing and thanking God that He had finally given us the desire of our hearts. Tom was elated and speechless. We couldn't stop smiling. We wanted to shout it to everyone!
<h2>The (not so) perfect pregnancy.</h2>
The pregnancy started off beautifully. Ashlie was in pain until 8 weeks along from the overstimulation, but once that subsided it was bliss. She was never sick or super tired. It was great. We were just strolling around in our perfect little world.

Our fertility specialist had seen something early on and wanted our OBGYN to keep an eye on it, but after many <em>many</em> ultrasounds, that "something" wasn't turning into anything. So in May, for Ashlie's 30th birthday, we had planned to take a vacation. We had scheduled one final checkup and ultrasound right before we flew out.

Our ultrasound revealed that Ashlie was funneling, which meant her cervix was dilating/opening from the top. (Again, this is rare, and it is <em>especially</em> rare in a first-time pregnancy with no prior surgery/trauma.) A short time later, Ashlie was being prepped for surgery and they put a cerclage (stitch) in her cervix to hopefully stop the issue from getting worse. We were sent home the next day on moderate bed rest.

A week later we had a check up. It had gotten worse. We were admitted to Community North Hospital. After a day and a half of laying at 45 degrees upside down with an uncomfortable magnesium drip in her arm, things weren't really getting any better. Ashlie's OBGYN had us transferred via ambulance to St. Vincent Women's Hospital to see Dr. Sumners. They feared we had an infection that was causing this to occur, but they ruled that out after an amniocentesis (aka: sticking a huge needle into placenta). Once that was a negative, we were prepped for surgery again and Dr. Sumners was going to do a new technique (TVCIC) cerclage procedure that he hadn't done before... It was really our last shot. <em>We didn't know this then, but when we got to St. V's they put us in a delivery room on the high risk unit. I thought all of the rooms were like that, but they are not. They initially thought I definitely had an infection and that we would be delivering then.</em>

The surgery went fine and we went home after a few days on strict bed rest. Ashlie only left the house for doctor's appointments and she only got up to use the bathroom. We had weekly appointments, but after a few weeks the situation was getting worse and was now extremely critical. They told us that Ashlie's water would break prematurely, it was just a matter of when.

As you can imagine, this was a terrifying and emotional time. We had so much faith that God was going to pull this pregnancy through to a point where our son had a good fighting chance. We really did every thing we could. Everything.
<h2>Then it happened.</h2>
Tom was working in Chicago when Ashlie called frantically on a Thursday at midnight. After a month and a half on strict bedrest, Ashlie's water broke. Our good friends came over and took Ashlie straight to St. Vincent Women's hospital where she was admitted. Tom got there in the early hours of the morning. Ashlie wasn't having any contractions, which was good. Sometimes a woman can go days, weeks and even months after her water broke without having to go through labor. We knew the first  24 hours were critical and after 24 hours of no contractions, we were faithful and optimistic in hoping we could be one of the lucky ones that could hold off on delivering for at least a few more weeks.

However, on Saturday morning, things took a turn for the worse. Ashlie's body literally could not hold the pregnancy any longer. They told us we had to deliver. Our sweet boy was only 23 weeks and 1 day gestation. I don't really think there is a word in the English language for what we were feeling on that Saturday morning. We've never been more devastated or frightened in our lives.

Our son, Jacob Robert Hartgraves, was born on June 22, 2013 at 11:56 a.m. He was held and loved for two hours before he left this world to be with Jesus. The impact he had on us was tremendous. He was extremely cute and had the sweetest little nose and face. We think about him daily and we still have our not-so-good days. I suspect we'll always have those.

Our faith in God is the only thing that has gotten us through. We have a peace knowing that we will hold our baby boy again some day. We know he is in good hands, although we get sad sometimes knowing the joy we are missing out on by raising him in our home.

We didn't understand it then, and we still don't fully understand it now. But, it's not our duty to know or understand. God does not promise his children that we will have perfect happy lives. He actually tells us we won't. We will have obstacles, trials, hurt and pain; however, His promise is this: <span style="text-decoration: underline;">when</span> those things happen, HE will be right along beside us. He will never leave us. And He certainly hasn't left us in our time of need. We have felt His presence more this year than we have ever felt it before. I also know, that our God is for us and He was hurting with us.

<em>And we know that in all things God works for the good of those who love him, who have been called according to his purpose. Romans 8:28</em>
<h2>So where do we go from there?</h2>
Well, we didn't really know at first either. We walked around like zombies for awhile. For so long Ashlie's purpose was keeping Jacob safe— she was lost coming home from the hospital. The nursery had been painted and the crib had been purchased and set up. It's actually still up in Jacob's room. Instead of holding his sweet self, it holds sweet cards from many of you, and a memory box full of photos of him. Initially seeing his empty room broke our hearts. We passed his room many times a day, and eventually it got to a point where we could walk by without it taking our breath away.

Slowly but surely, we began to get a <em>new normal</em>. We will always miss Jacob and we wont ever be the same; however, we still have a deep desire to be parents, no matter which avenue we take to get there.
<h2>Adoption set in.</h2>
You guys ever hear people say "God tugged on my heart strings," and you think to yourself <em>"What in the heck does that even mean?!" </em>Well, we felt it. It's an inner nudge. Literally it is The Holy Spirit inside you, nudging on your guts whenever you start discussing or thinking about something. In our case, it was whenever we discussed adoption.

Adoption wasn't always on the table. Actually it was always in the back of Ashlie's mind, but Tom wasn't there yet. Until one day, he just was. We discussed it, researched it and prayed about it. We. Could. Not. Let. It. Go.

So that's where we are. Ashlie had a surgery late in the summer to fix her "incompetent cervix" (That's the real medical term. Really nice, huh?). It's a permanent band placed around the cervix. If we <em>are</em> able to get pregnant, we would have to have a c-section; however, the surgery has a 99% success rate so our issue <em>shouldn't</em> happen again. With that said, getting pregnant again right now is quite scary for us. We've been through a lot and we really feel God nudging us to go a different direction. At least for now. And we're all in, and listening.

So here we are. Following God's plan. It just took us awhile to find the right road. We are thrilled to grow our family through an international adoption.

We want to thank you for your support through the loss of our son, Jacob, and also as we go down this adoption journey. We really hope you'll check back and be with us every step of the way.

Thanks and God bless!

-Thomas, Ashlie &amp; Ruby (the goldendoodle)

[/et_pb_text][/et_pb_column][/et_pb_row][/et_pb_section]
