---
layout: post
title: One-Year
date: 2014-06-24 15:44
author: ashlie
comments: true
categories: [Hartgraves Haven]
---
This last Sunday was June 22, 2014 and it would have been our son Jacob's first birthday. He passed away just two short hours after he arrived, but the impact that cute little face of his had on us has changed us forever.

One year ago, we were in a very sad and scary place. For us, we knew fairly early on in our pregnancy that things might not work out. As scary as those (many) doctor's appointments were, we are thankful to God that we were able to prepare our hearts for the possibility that we might not get to bring our son home. When our biggest fear became a reality we were devastated and more scared than we had ever been in our whole lives. I really hope we never reach that level of terror ever again....

The days after losing Jacob weren't the easiest. We would be fine and then I'd just break down and cry. I cried daily for awhile, but then I'd slowly be able to skip a day here and there and then I got to a point where I had dry eyes more than I had wet ones.<em> Actually, I really do medically have dry eyes, so that's kind of funny.</em> :)

Our lives have done a complete 180 this last year. Of course we still  miss our son and wish things would have turned out differently.

BUT.

This is very important (and I'm going to stand on my soapbox to tell you this):

God has a plan for your life.

God has a plan for our lives. We don't always have to be 100% happy with how the events took place, but as Christians we are <span style="text-decoration: underline;">all in</span>, ready to follow the road He calls us to. Trusting that He is for us and has a bigger purpose for our lives.

Tom and I went to church on Saturday night and it was a great sermon from guest speaker, Bob Russell. (Actually, this message hits some great life-points that pertain to everyone. If you want to have a listen, <a href="http://northviewchurch.us/resources/messages/" target="_blank">click here</a> and then click on "The Purposeful Life"). In his sermon, Mr. Russell touched on a point that I have often said to others, which is: Happiness is a choice.

It's not always easy, but I choose to be happy. I choose to find life's joy. I'm not <em>always</em> bouncing with glee, but I know I'm blessed and I try to focus on that and the hope for the future to get me through some rough patches.

I do have a favor to ask of you... would you please keep our family consistently in your prayers? When I say "family," I mean not just Tom &amp; I- but for our family we have yet to meet. We are praying for the health and safety of our family overseas... as well as a quick referral :) If you need a reminder, you can click here or on the image below. Print it out and put it in an area you see often (fridge, bathroom mirror, your dashboard or wherever) just to remember to say a little prayer. The mama in me worries for our family so much, even though we don't even know who he/she/they are!

Thanks and God bless

-Mama Hartgraves
