---
layout: post
title: Home Study is Approved! 
date: 2014-01-29 15:19
author: ashlie
comments: true
categories: [Hartgraves Haven]
---
Our first big step in this process is now complete — we have an approved home study! Most people actually do get a favorable home study; however, it's exciting because we can now move on to our next step, which is a BIG step. The home study basically is from our agency saying that they believe we are suitable adoptive parents. Next up, we have to prove to the USA that we are suitable adoptive parents by filling out an I-800A form.

I've heard the I-800A portion can be a little bit stressful. While we are dealing with that, we will simultaneously be getting our dossier around. The Dossier is the document(s) we send to Europe in hopes of being approved to adopt in Europe. Basically most of the adoption process is proving you are financially stable, emotionally stable, physically healthy and just an all-around decent human being. I think we are all of those things, but proving yourself to an agency and two countries is a little scary.

Anyways. Wanted to talk to you a little about our Home Study process. I was as nervous as can be. I cleaned our house for hours and stressed over stupid details like "I should have decorated our mantel better!" and "Oh my gosh, I really should have drugged Ruby with some Benedryl..." We had a lot of documents to gather before we did our interview process. These took us less than a month to get around, but <del>we were</del> Tom was  diligent about it. They even include a paragraph in our Home Study about our house. The size, number of rooms, decor.

We sure would like to paint some rooms, but neutral is actually more suitable for adopted children at first because that is what they're used to. So I guess we will have to wait on the neon ombre wall I had planned (kidding! I'm not doing that!) We also have some Adoption Education classes that we are required to take for adopting in a Hague country. Our Agency, MLJ, had a nice assortment that we take through then. We've only taken a few classes but they are so informative. I will have many posts in the future about things we have learned in our courses because you do have to parent slightly differently for awhile. Plus, if you are close with us and plan on being around our children, there are some things you will have to know as well. Some of these children come from a "hard place" (that's the term they often use) and when you begin to study it, your heart breaks. For instance...

Did you know that infant nurseries in orphanages are often quiet (in an eerie way)? This is because when a typical infant cries, they do so because they need something and a loving adult comes to them. What happens in an orphanage when an infant cries? Often times, nobody comes.... and an infant loses their cry. It's an emotional fact to think about, but it happens. It just breaks your heart.

This is why I pray every night + multiple times a day for our child(ren). I just want them to know we are coming for them. They are likely born already and I just pray they are in a well-staffed orphanage with a nanny who won't let them lose their cry.

And because I don't want to end on a sad/emotional note...a funny thing happened during the paper gathering process. I had to go to the vet to get a paper signed saying that our dog is up-to-date on shots and that she is a suitable pet to have around children (<em>yes, even our dog has to prove herself in this process!</em>) So I tell the office manager that I need the vet to fill out this form because we are adopting and have to have it in our paperwork. She goes back to have the vet sign it and then quickly comes back. She says "Are you adopting a dog or a child?" I thought that was hysterical. I've never known anyone that had to have an agency to adopt a pet, but hey- I'm sure they're around!
