---
layout: post
title: Facebook & such
date: 2014-06-19 22:55
author: ashlie
comments: true
categories: [Hartgraves Haven, Infertility &amp; Loss]
---
You know how there is a Facebook group for everything? Well about a month ago I realized there was one for people who have adopted, are thinking of adopting or are in the process of adopting from our very same country. It's proven to be a great resource but I. Am. Obsessed. It's not healthy for me to be on there so much, especially when I ask "How long have you all been waiting for your referral?" I was hoping to get answers like "We were shocked it came so soon!" Alas, that plan backfired. <em>P.S. I never say "alas" did I even use it correctly? ;) </em>Instead of lifting my spirits I got answers like "Prepare to wait. We've been waiting for 4 years." Uh. What? After a lot of the long waits, people popped on with wait times of 7 months and such. Whew.  I chimed in and said that we knew a family who was there picking up their twins who had only waited 14 months...

That family. They totally reversed the mini-funk I was in regarding referral times! We met them through our agency and they live in our area. They have a very similar story to ours, and lucky for us they have been through the process already and will be a great resource for us in the upcoming months. I mean, I can ask our agency about paperwork and things but If i'm going to go to Europe to pick up my family, I'm going to need Susanne to know what to wear and what to pack.  You don't really ask your agency questions like that. I told her to take notes so hopefully she did! ANYHOW, they have been back for about a week now with their twins, whom are the most adorable little brown-eyed things you've ever seen. While I was getting discouraged from listening to the wait times of other people, this family was sending us updates and photos of their newly united forever family. Oh it was so good for my heart to see them all together and so happy. When Tom and I would chat at night he'd say "Did you hear from them today?" Apparently we were both excited to get their updates. I think we needed that. They're just so darn happy. We cannot wait for those moments.

I've been thinking a lot about family. This Father's day I reflected on the fatherless throughout the world. I pray these precious children will know what a true father is at some point in their lives (Earthly AND Heavenly). I can't wait until we get that call that says "Mrs. Hartgraves—check your email. We have a referral for you." Tom and I often talk about what we'll do when we get "the call" and I said "I'll probably pee a little!" It'll just be so exciting! We can't wait to know who God has picked. Seriously, you try not to think about it, but you can't help it! It's a good thing to think about though (so far). It's been positive, giddy thoughts which is a nice contrast to where we were a year ago.

<span style="line-height: 1.5em;">I didn't want to have a depressing post, but It deserves to be mentioned. June 22 is coming up,  which would have been Jacob's first birthday. The extreme lows and extreme highs of this year are exhausting. While this year has gone quickly, I also remember every single terrifying moment from just a year ago. </span><span style="line-height: 1.5em;">Some people have wondered why we didn't initially tell everyone about what happened with Jacob, so I will answer: We couldn't. We were just doing every thing we could to not fall apart ourselves. We didn't have it in us to be strong for ourselves and for everyone else. It has now been a year and w</span>e're doing well. We're sad and we miss our boy. It seems like it was just a nightmare like it didn't really happen—but it did and we're dealing...some days much  better than others. We're excited for our future and for the child or children that God has picked out to join our family. We'll never forget Jacob, and our child(ren) that we adopt will know about their big brother.

&nbsp;
