---
layout: post
title: Trip 2 (and some other stuff)
date: 2015-12-29 03:55
author: ashlie
comments: true
categories: [Hartgraves Haven]
---
It's been a bit since I last wrote... like four months. But who is counting? A few of you have asked if I'd write an update on here (and no, one of them was not my own mom). To catch up, I thought I'd write a bit about our second trip.

I'll admit it. For our first trip in June, I was terrified to get on that plane. I had so many "what ifs" going on in my head, they were paralyzing. For the second trip, I was just ready. Ready to get my kids. Don't get me wrong, I was still a little scared. But I was half scared and half excited and they were taking turns as to which one as at the front of my emotions. (Adoption is an insane process. Emotionally. Financially. Physically.) I was sick of skyping, and I wanted our kids HOME.

Now that they're home, I can tell a few more details than I could previously. Our children are biological siblings; however, before our first trip in June, they had never met. They lived 10 minutes away from eachother, but had never spent any time together. When we went in June, we met them each separately on Monday. On Tuesday, we picked her and her foster grandma up and we went to the orphanage so she could meet her brother. It went beautifully though. And the rest of the week, our little family of four spent mornings and afternoons together.

We are so blessed that our daughter was with such a great foster grandma. She prepared Kallie's heart well for what was about to happen. AND, after we left she took her every single week to the orphanage to visit with Avery. Not only that, she sent us photos from those visits. Amazing. Most people don't get updates from orphanages, but we got weekly photos to know he was okay and was doing well. It was awesome to see their progression through photos. Of them really starting to get comfortable with eachother. Not only did our foster grandma take her to visit Avery, but we also Skyped with Kallie (we weren't able to Skype Avery). We skyped with Kallie every Saturday at 1. They never missed a week and were always right on time.

Because Avery was comfortable with Kallie, and Kallie was fairly famliar with us via Skype, our second trip went really smoothly. And on to the second trip...

Anyhow, Tom, myself and my Mama were all packed up and ready to go. Yes, we took my mom with us. And we're so glad we did. Our final Saturday Skype call with Kallie was from the airport. We said "see you soon!" And we couldn't wait! None of us really slept on the plane, because seriously? How can people do that?! We arrived in Bulgaria with no delayed flights and all our luggage. Amen. We were picked up and dropped off at our apartment that we were familiar with because we stayed there on trip 1. We took a nap, got some dinner and then tried to sleep because it was going to be a big day.

So, Kallie has been with her foster grandma for a long time. And because her Grandma is amazing, Kallie was super attached to her. Everyone agreed that it would be in Kallie's best interest, if we were not the ones to take her from her Grandma. If she could be already waiting for us that would be best. When we arrived at the orphanage, Kallie wasn't there. We were told she was at the Social Services offices. I assumed waiting with her social worker.

We went into a room and waited for them to bring Avery to us. He walked in, needing a haircut in a bad way. Pretty nervous, but warmed up and giggled quickly. Whew. We took the clothes he was wearing off and put the outfit we had brought with us on him. He left with plastic bag of personal items, a small album of  7 or so baby photos and we were out.

As we left the orphanage steps, they poured water out that we stepped into as we walked over it. They do this whenever someone has a big celebratory day. Celebratory it was!

We were off to get Kallie.

We arrived, and walked up the steps. Kallie saw Tom first, and ran up to him and gave him a huge hug. Then she saw me and jumped into my arms. Amen. Then I saw the foster grandma. Oy. I was so nervous to take Kallie from her! The foster grandma and I cried as I gave her a gift we had brought of her-- an Origami Owl locket with charms in there to remember Kallie by. We gave a gift to Kallie's best friend in Bulgaria, matching BFF bracelets (so cute!).

We signed papers that stated from this day forward, she was no longer an orphan. Yep. Amen!

And we all walked out to the car. Foster grandma included. Everything was fine until we drove off and Kallie realized her Grandma wasn't in the car. She cried so hard and it just broke my heart. This poor little 4 year old girl had been through so much... and now this. I just held her in my lap (yes, neither were in carseats for the 3 hour drive), and I held her until she fell asleep.

I'm going to speed this up because I'm tired of hearing myself write, and you're probably sick of reading (if you're still reading, I apologize).

Anyhow. We had asked for an expedited trip. Most trips are about a week and a half to two weeks. Ours was less than a week. We left Saturday and our tickets home were for early Friday morning. We were able to get this expedited, because the week before, they arranged it for Avery and Kallie to go into the capital (Sofia) to get passport items taken, so that was done when we got there.

We had medicals one day. Which were TB tests and flu shots. We went back two days later for it to be read. We had one free day. And one of the days we had to go to the US Embassy for an exit interview. This sounds like a big deal, but it's very quick. They basically ask you a few questions about your process and you're done. The night before we left, the owner of the Bulgarian Agency came to our apartment, gave us a thick packet and said "DO NOT LET ANYONE OPEN THIS UNTIL YOU REACH THE IMMIGRATION GATE IN THE US. THEY CAN LOOK BUT CANNOT OPEN." I was too nervous about it so I made Tom handle it all ha.

The kids did awesome with us. The Wheels on the Bus and a few other kids songs saved us. Mom was an amazing help with the kids. She watched them a couple times while we went and grabbed dinner and brought it back. She also quickly made buddies with our guide-- who we had heard can be difficult to deal with. So we were super thankful she was with us!

The flights home went as well as could be expected. In about a 24 hour span of time, I think Kallie and Avery only slept 2 hours.... so they did really well considering.

I got peed on twice and changed a blowout in a tiny airport bathroom. So welcome to motherhood!

We arrived at the airport and were greeted by a group of the most loving and supportive people. We were the last off the plane and as our plane was exiting the gate people told our people, "If you're waiting for the adopted kids they're coming! And they did really well!" ha. Whew! The kids fell asleep ont he way home. We climbed into our bed, with Kallie in the middle and Avery on a crib mattress on the floor and we all slept for at least 8 hours.

&nbsp;

I'll give a home update a little later... I'll try to make it less than 4 months.
