---
layout: post
title: Trip One
date: 2015-07-08 15:05
author: ashlie
comments: true
categories: [Adoption, Adoption, Hartgraves Haven, Trip 1, Waiting]
---
Well. We're in love.

We got our travel dates for our first trip much earlier than expected. We thought we'd go sometime in mid to late July, but we ended up traveling June 27-July 4 to meet our children. So that means we just returned from one of the most amazing weeks ever. Exhausting, but amazing.

We completely fell in love with our children and their beautiful country. The views were breathtaking. We can't really say a whole lot about the week because we must follow international law. So we won't be saying any country/child specific info nor will we be posting, snapping, tweeting, instagramming, or sharing photos— but trust us when we say our children are pretty much the sweetest things you've ever laid eyes on.

We relished every second we had with them while we were there. They both warmed up to us more each day and we got lots of giggles and melt-your-heart smiles as the week went on. Soon after meeting them, all of the "nerves of the unknown" quickly faded and we were filled with a strong peace knowing we were spending the week with the children God had picked just for us. And He did a wonderful job with our referral. Those two were meant to be a Hartgraves.

One thing that I will say, is that that our children are very much loved and well taken care of. Their caretakers and environment are such an answered prayer. This fact made it a little easier to leave. <em>A little</em>. Leaving them was extremely hard. I was tearing up the day before we had to leave just thinking about actually leaving... and the day we left broke our hearts. It feels like we left half of our family across the pond, and we aren't exactly sure when we'll be able to be complete again.

All of the paperwork on our end is done and we were actually a little bit ahead of the game on that, so hoping that leads to a lesser wait time. We're just waiting for some legalities to be completed over there. Once we pass court we will get travel dates for Trip 2 soon after and we will go pick up our babes! This timeframe can be anywhere from 4-6 months. I know. It's going to be the hardest part so far.

To keep busy, we have some things to do. We have two rooms to put together and a lot of stuff to purchase and plan for. We have a few things that we've picked up over the waiting period; however, it was hard to plan without knowing exactly who to plan for. Now we know and it's time to get busy.

We are praying hard for these things:
<ol>
	<li>That we have a record short wait time between trips.</li>
	<li>That our children remember us from our photobooks we left with them, and know that we are coming back for them ASAP.</li>
	<li>That a rumored non-stop flight from our children's country to the USA becomes a reality. Layovers and multiple customs lines are for the birds :)</li>
	<li>That the bond they have continues to grow so that they can lean on eachother those first few weeks.</li>
	<li>That God prepares their sweet little hearts to be a part of our family.</li>
</ol>
We want to thank you so much for the love, support and prayers. This next wait is going to be pretty brutal and we appreciate all of the prayers coming our way. Thank you also for understanding how private this part of the process needs to be in order to comply with international adoption laws and protecting the identity of our children.

We are almost there. They're almost HOME. We are giddy with anticipation!

XOXO

-The Hartgraves Family
