---
layout: post
title: Patience
date: 2015-08-21 01:12
author: ashlie
comments: true
categories: [Hartgraves Haven, Waiting]
---
We worked on our patience for 3 years as we struggled with infertility. We worked on our patience while we were on bed rest. We worked on our patience while we filled out paperwork. We worked on our patience while waiting for our referral.

But this.

This is a whole new ballgame.

We returned from visiting our children on July 4 (Note to self, don't travel internationally on July 4. Security lines were extra thorough). We spent the week in-country with another couple who was adopting and we also met another couple from our same agency while there. There aren't a whole lot of people who know exactly what you're going through, so it has been nice to reach out to them during this time because—they just get it. And we're all saying the same thing: "July was the longest month. Ever." It seriously seemed like August would never get here. We all sent text messages to the tune of "WELCOME TO AUGUST!" as we turned the calendar page to another month closer to our children. We are very thankful that August has been busy and seems to be passing by at the normal pace. Amen

We've been trying to stay busy in any way we can. Which has consisted of prepping their rooms and some deep cleaning/organizing around the house. It has been really fun for us to do their rooms. A little overwhelming to prepare for 2 genders and 2 age groups, but we're managing and are enjoying that part of the process. We aren't done with either room, but they are coming along.

<strong>Where are we now?</strong> Lots of people have been asking us this question. And we're not exactly sure. We are waiting to have a court date in-country (that we are not present for). Once we pass court, we will get travel dates after. We actually may or may not even be informed of when our case goes to court, so we're really just waiting on either them to tell us we went to court or to tell us to pack our bags. I am really praying to travel in the fall, but at the same time we are trying not to get our hopes up for that quick of travel. <em>Trying</em> would be the key word there.

So anyways, that's where we stand. Just <del>patiently</del> waiting.

Please continue to pray for our family across the sea. Pray that they remember us and prepare their little hearts to be a Hartgraves. Also, please pray for us as Tom and I will soon learn to navigate the ropes of parenthood. EEEK! :)

xoxo

-ashlie

&nbsp;
