---
layout: post
title: HOME!
date: 2015-11-05 19:20
author: ashlie
comments: true
categories: [Hartgraves Haven]
---
&nbsp;

We are finally HOME! Makes me so happy (and tired) to finally write that! First, we want to thank you all so much for the prayers. We have thankfully had a very smooth process and we're grateful to you and all your prayers- they've been answered!

Without further ado, I'd like to introduce you to the two newest members of the Hartgraves Family. Kallina (Kallie) Marie Hartgraves and Avery Charles Hartgraves.

&nbsp;

We just love them to pieces. They're just beautiful children and are so very happy. While they are biological siblings, they actually had never met prior to our first trip to Bulgaria in June. Their first time meeting eachother was our second day meeting them. They lived 10 minutes apart- he at a baby orphanage and she with a foster grandma. She had been with her foster grandma for over 2 years and she had left that same baby orphanage right before he was born. So they had just missed eachother. Typically, they don't tend to keep siblings together unless there is a bond between them. We're thankful for God's intervention on this one. The kids are so cute together and they love being together.

Our foster grandma was wonderful. After our first trip there, she said she would make sure Kallie visited Avery in the orphanage. So every single week, she took Kallie there for a visit and sent us photos each time of the two of them playing. It was great to receive updates like that. In addition to photos, we Skyped with Kallie every Saturday from July 4 when we returned until the Saturday we were at the airport heading to Bulgaria to pick  them up. That was invaluable as she became familiar with us and our home on Skype. We were able to show her her room as we got it finished, and introduce her to the Dog.

&nbsp;
<h4>Our week in Bulgaria</h4>
We flew to Bulgaria on Saturday, October 24. We had requested an expedited trip, which means they did some things prior to us coming so that we didn't have to stay the full 11+ days. We arrived Sunday afternoon and we got situated in our hotel and then went to bed early. Monday, we drove 3 hours to where our children were to pick them up. We picked him up at the orphanage first. He is a totally different child than who we met on our first trip. He had learned so much since we had last seen him!

As we left the orphanage, they poured water out for us to walk through. This is a lovely tradition in Bulgaria, and they do it for a big day. If someone graduates, or gets married or leave an orphanage to be with his forever family-- you walk through water they pour out.

Then we were off to get Kallie. She saw us first and ran toward us to hug us. It made my heart just swell! We signed papers for both of them stating that they were no longer orphans. That we were there to bring them home. Forever. We
